good
why now going
to change this luck without knowing
capital to lay death
let's dance to change this luck
yes we know special to settle the
death
because if
because there are too many balls to kill her with
the chest and not throw it out
to play from home any court
although a little the heart
until
let's dance to change this luck
yes we know they change to scare away the
death
to change destination
at the end of the football game
place
every time well for the superclassic of
tomorrow they face up
housing appreciates it 0 am I always
I always see
and they win they always win national
gaining time so I do not think I have
a problem
and your team as you saw it in the middle of
final
aside you came a little more
tired
to adapt
to study
wrote this for tomorrow's game
Yes of course
the field will have been first was all
you know when tomorrow we play in the
Super classic
it had never happened that they mix with
the expansion players and the team
first
and they also took advantage of the weather
the girls could swim around
way today is another those days cheer up
if the truth that all this is very nice
the girls are enjoying themselves and
good looking forward to match tomorrow
river
there we are as you see girls
for superclassic they started very well and
the truth that is very good is very
well with motivated
waiting for it to start rolling
Barcelona
and I say that I have the best four
front we will see how much will go
we can say no
but I do not like that
not to come
is